sup guys universal trans former here i
just want to show you something um the
other day i was looking on YouTube just
four different roller coaster updates
and stuff like that um then I saw they
didn't update on the amazing spider-man
ride in orlando florida I wrote this
ride last year and I thought it was
really fun but the understudy graphics
were getting updates so I was that's
pretty cool then I heard that they're
supposed to be a cameo by Stan Lee and I
can't did some research and I found him
he's right there yes that's him and then
there I have no clue that is but that is
Stanley and there's spider-man he's
fighting on he's gonna fight doclock
which is right he's right there so we're
going to go ahead and we're actually
going to just play this scene i'm going
to back up a little bit then i will show
you the scene so I take the upside is to
back up and we'll put plate right there
while I jump right um there's a
Hobgoblin see if we watch right down
here this sounds a little low but
at the parties okay right there that was
him like get my freakin thing out of the
way sorry about that but that was him
there oh but I can understand your
skepticism so i'm going to show you
another prime example that he that that
is Stanley so take a moment only one
movement here it's got a fast for using
an xbox with one hand so please bear
with me okay stop it up there
what a little differ let's back up a
little bit okay this should be good and
oaks the wrong button damn it I know
that's pretty stupid let me just get to
the end this will be a fast button I'll
just shoot it towards the end here all
right there
okay we'll watch this
the ending scene the water effects on
this guy you'll have to watch the video
for yourself but oh my screen the water
effects look we're very good this is
xbox um youtube quality so and youtube
yeah so okay here we go you fall down
the streets like normal webs which the
webs look a lot better too then we're
going to go here go where is it there
there he is again same person I know
it's kind of hard to see with this Coast
dude's thing on your bum if you go on
for yourself you seemed a shot there's
just had a little bit more um you know
you guys can go on there if you want to
and check it out for yourself but that
is a Stanley and he is in the new
amazing spider-man right well not the
new right itself the ride has been there
for a long time but the new graphically
remastered one and better a better way
to put it so all right that's uh all i
have to say yes can check it out for
yourselves or wait until you just go
ride the ride i'm going to be going to
hopefully maybe i'll go there again this
year so maybe we'll go again this year
and can do that I know maybe see the new
graphics on the ride and yeah I just
thought that was really cool and really
interesting so there you go there you
have it alrighty I won't talk to you
guys later let me know in the comments
also too if you believe that is Stanley
um just let me know already
thank you and please subscribe